# Crawled from 
# Total pages: 5
# Crawled on: 2025-05-27 23:48:35


--- Document 1 ---
URL: https://www.angelone.in/knowledge-center
To avail lucrative returns on your investments, Angel One empowers you with the knowledge of stock trading and investment. Our knowledge bank is divided into different modules that explain related investment concepts, terms, strategies, and practices, such that you will be able to trade in the market in a better manner. Demat Account With the standardisation of share trading transactions, establishment of NSE, and the use of the internet and digital technology, online trading was... Know More Mutual Funds A mutual fund is a trust that collects money from investors sharing common investment objectives and then invests the money in securities such as... Know More Angel One User Manual Angel One's user manual essentially contains everthing you need to know about using the product. The user manual for Angel One will give you a step-by-step guide.... Know More Trading Account Similar to a bank account, a trading account acts as a common platform to sell or purchase securities. Securities are purchased through a trading... Know More Online Share Trading Online share trading involves buying and selling of stocks through online platform. Using the online share trading account, you may buy or sell share... Know More Intraday Trading Intraday trading deals with buying and selling stocks on the same day during the trading hours that are stipulated by the exchange. Shares are bought... Know More Share Market The Indian share market comprises NSE and BSE – both which are active. Start online share trading by referring to the the share market tips and trading... Know More IPO When a privately held business collects money from the public and in turn gives them shares in their company. The shares are then traded for the first... Know More Derivatives Derivatives is a lucrative financial instrument that allows investors to gain from the market volatility. Here you can make large gains by investing a... Know More Futures and options Trading Derivatives come handy for protection against price fluctuations. There are two types of derivatives – future and options. Apart from being a hedge against price... Know More Commodities Trading Commodity trading is one of the foundations for the global trading system that trades various commodities from the primary economic sector, that acts... Know More Authorised Person A sub-broker is the intermediary between the investor and the stock exchange. The main role of a sub-broker is to assist them and help them gain... Know More Income Tax The tax that is imposed by the government on the earrings of companies and individuals is called income tax. According to the law, the taxpayer... Know More Savings Schemes There are many savings schemes available in India designed to help individuals achieve their financial goals. These schemes include Public Provident Fund... Know More PAN Card A PAN card, or Permanent Account Number card, is a unique 10-character alphanumeric identifier issued by the Income Tax Department in India.... Know More Aadhaar Card Adhaar Card is a government-issued document used to identify any person resident in India. It has a 12-digit issued by the Unique Identification Authority... Know More Research Articles Research helps investors to find out the potential of security before they invest in it. Fundamental Research and Technical Research are two types of... Know More Cryptocurrency A lot of investors are investing in cryptocurrencies. But for the masses, they are still an enigma.Cryptocurrencies have been around for some time... Know More Personal Finance Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Profile Modification Modification has never been easier! Our Profile Modification processes will walk you through each step of your mobile number, email, bank... Know More Loans Learn how to manage your money and reach your financial goals whether you've just started your career or are getting ready to retire... Know More Angel One Advantage Present in the industry since 1987 Technology-enabled DEMAT & Trading Account Technical and Fundamental Research Guidance
================================================================================


--- Document 2 ---
URL: https://www.angelone.in/support/mutual-funds
We are here to help you Quick Links (10) Know how to track your account opening application status on Angel One application Learn More Learn how to activate F&O, Commodity and Currency segments on Angel One Learn More Know all about fund payout/withdrawal process Learn More Learn how to check the status of your order in Angel One app Learn More Know all about the brokerage and charges applicable on your trades Learn More Step by step guide to add funds to your Angel One account Learn More Know the process add a new bank account to Angel One Learn More Learn how to modify mobile number, Email ID and other profile details in Angel One Learn More Learn how to activate DDPI and the benefits associated with it Learn More Know about how refer and earn works on Angel One Learn More En. ही. Want to connect with us? Our experts will be happy to assist you Connect with us Still have any queries? Connect with our support team. CONTACT US Partnership Request For any partnership requests please reach us at partners@angelbroking.com Media Queries 022-40003600(Extn: 6925) EMAIL US
================================================================================


--- Document 3 ---
URL: https://www.angelone.in/about-us
Simplifying Investments For 3 Cr+ Indians We aim to secure the financial future of every individual by making investment accessible and safe VALUES Our Values To become a trusted fintech brand that empowers a billion lives by leveraging the power of data and technology. Customer Centricity We keep our customers at the center of all our decisions to create meaningful experiences. Trust We champion transparency, honesty and integrity. Collaboration We forge partnerships and work together as One Team. Thinking Big We pursue infinite possibilities and create breakthrough strategies. Speed We execute quickly; having planned meticulously. Innovation We disrupt processes, products and industries. Trust Legacy of Committed Excellence In your service for the last 25 years, served millions of happy customers for all their investment needs. 25+ Years of Trust 3 Cr+ Registered Users 11000+ Authorised Person 4.4 Cr+ App Downloads ABOUT About Us We started our journey as a traditional stock brokerage firm in the year 1996. We always felt that empathy is really important for our customers. Since the beginning, our focus has always been “what the customer wants” and then to match the right technology to fulfil their needs.That is how our journey and use of technology started keeping customers at the centre stage. This led us in growing our geographical presence all over the country.. Gradually, we changed into a Digital-first company to provide our clients personalised financial journeys via a single app. We began our “Digital Journey” in the year 2019 by offering an end-to-end digital investment solution to our customers. With our tech innovation combined with the constant attention to customer needs & wants, we fruitfully tapped new geographies and onboarded millions of new customers including tier-2 and tier-3 cities. Our company is now the largest listed retail broking house in India in terms of active clients on NSE as of December 31, 2021. TEAM Board of Directors Director Message Mr. Dinesh Thakkar Chairman and Managing Director The main aspect that led Mr Dinesh Thakkar to start this business house was the lack of ethics and transparency in this industry. So he wanted to build a firm, which would be totally transparent, technology-lead and customer-friendly. This led the way for Angel One, now, one of the leading stock-broking and wealth management companies in India. He is also on the board of Angel Fincap Pvt Ltd., Angel Insurance Brokers & Advisors Pvt Ltd., Mimansa Software Systems Pvt Ltd. and Angel Wellness Pvt Ltd. Mr. Ketan Shah Whole Time Director Mr. Muralidharan Ramachandran Lead Independent Director Mr. Krishna Iyer Non-Executive Director Ms. Mala Todarwal Women Independent Director Mr. Kalyan Prasath Non-Executive Independent Director Mr. Krishnaswamy Arabadi Sridhar Non-Executive Independent Director Mr. Amit Majumdar Whole-time Director Mr. Arunkumar Nerur Thiagarajan Non-Executive Independent Director TEAM Our Leadership Team Mr. Narayan Gangadhar Chief Executive Officer Mr. Prabhakar Tiwari Chief Growth Officer Mr. Ketan B Shah Chief Strategy Officer Mr. Vineet Agrawal Group Chief Financial Officer Dr. Pravin Bathe Chief Legal & Compliance Officer Mr. Subhash Menon Chief Human Resources Officer Mr.Dinesh Radhakrishnan Chief Technology & Product Officer Mr. Ankit Rastogi Chief Product Officer Mr. Jyotiswarup Raiturkar Chief Technology Officer Mr. Bhavin B Parekh Head Operations, Risk & Surveillance Officer Mr. Devender Kumar Head – Online Revenue Mr. Prateek Mehta Chief Business Officer Mr. Saurabh Agarwal CXO New Business Management Team Mr. Dinesh Thakkar Chairman & Managing Director Mr. Ambarish Kenghe Group Chief Executive Officer Mr. Vineet Agrawal Group Chief Financial Officer Mr. Amit Majumdar Group Chief Strategy Officer Mr. Ketan Shah Chief Sales and Revenue Officer- Assisted Business Mr. Subhash Menon Group Chief Human Resources Officer Mr. Ankit Rastogi Chief Product Officer Mr. Jyotiswarup Raiturkar Group Chief Architect & Chief Technology Officer Mr. Bhavin Parekh Chief Product Operations Officer Mr. Ravish Sinha Group Chief Product and Technology Officer Mr. Devender Kumar Chief Revenue Officer- Direct Business Mr. Saurabh Agarwal Chief Business Officer- New Business Mr. Deepak Chandani Chief Data Officer Mr. Nishant Jain Chief Business Officer - Assisted Business Ms. Anuprita Daga Group Chief Information Security Officer Mr. Arief Mohamad Chief Business Officer - Direct Business Ms. Meenal Maheshwari Shah Group General Counsel Mr. Manmohan Singh Group Chief Risk Officer Mr. Manoj Agarwal Group Chief Compliance Officer OUR ACHIEVEMENTS Awards & Recognition Our biggest achievement is the happiness of our customers 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 ‘Bronze in ET Brand Disrpution ’ ET Brand Equity Smart API Launch Award 2022 ‘Gold at Indian Digital Awards’ India Digital Awards, IAMAI 2022 ‘Bronze for best PR in BFSI Category’ Kaleido Awards by ET Brand Equity 2022 ‘Best Customer Education Initiative in the Equity Broking Sector’ Resulticks BFSI Digital Stallions 2021 ‘Most Consistent Excellence in Digital Publishing of Content’ India Digital Awards, IAMAI 2021 ‘Silver for Insights & Research in BFSI Sector’ DigiXX 2021 ‘Gold Award in Customer Service Effectiveness’ ACEF Award of ORM 2020 ‘Financial Content of the Decade’ Consumer Education Initiative by Inkspell 2020 ‘Gold in the BFSI Sector’ BuzzIn Content of 2020 ‘Best Performing Retail Member’ NSE Award of 2019 ‘Fulcrums of Commodity Derivatives Market’ MCX Award of 2018 ‘CEO Award for Best Trading Platform In India’ BSE Commodity Equity Outlook Weekend Awards organised 2018 ‘CEO Award for Best Mobile App’  for Mutual Fund Investment BSE Commodity Equity Outlook Weekend Awards organised 2018 ‘Top Volume Performers in Equity Retail Segment’ BSE Award of 2016-2017 ‘Best Performing Retail Member Pan India’ Market Achievers Awards 2017 ‘CEO Award for Digital Investing Platform’ BSE Commodity Equity Outlook Awards organised 2017 ‘CEO Award for Base Metals Category’ BSE Commodity Equity Outlook Awards organised 2017 ‘Commodity Broker of the Year’ MCX Award of 2017
================================================================================


--- Document 4 ---
URL: https://www.angelone.in/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions This page of our website contains important information regarding the terms and conditions which apply to your trading and demat account with Angel One Limited ( hereinafter referred to as “AOL” ) and with its subsidiary company Angel Securities Limited (hereinafter referred to as ASL). AOL is  a Trading Member of NSE,BSE,MSEI MCX & NCDEX Exchanges, registered with Securities & Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") and having Registration no. INZ000161534 for  trading in Cash/Equity Derivatives/Currency Derivatives/Commodities Segment of respective Exchanges. The Depository services for your demat account is enabled through AOL which is a Depository Participant of  CDSL Depository having SEBI Registration no.: IN-DP-384-2018. AOL is a also registered as Research Analyst with SEBI having Registration number INH000000164 for providing Research Recommendations to its client on securities. AOL is also registered with AMFI for distribution of Mutual Fund Distribution products and to its clients having registration no. ARN-77404 The access to has been provided to your trading account and the usage of your account is subject to your compliance with all the terms and conditions set forth herein, read along with all documents, including but not limited to; applications forms and undertakings, signed by you during account opening. You are advised to read this page carefully and retain it for future reference. This website is owned, operated and maintained by AOL, a Company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 having CIN: L67120MH1996PLC101709 and Registered office at 601, 6th Floor, Ackruti Star, Central Road, MIDC, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400093. Telephone: (022) 42319600. One of the requirement for using the services of AOL is acceptance of the Terms and Conditions which would be the basis on which our relationship stand. The objective of this document is to lay out the Terms and Conditions that would apply to the access and use of the AOL platform through the website “www.angelone.in” (herein after referred to as “Website”), Mobile Application, including any other sub-domain or platform which is owned, developed, managed or operated by AOL, and/or its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as “App”). App and website shall together hereinafter referred as “Platform”. In terms of Information Technology Act, 2000, this document is an electronic record, being generated by a computer system and it does not require any physical or digital signature. Your acceptance to the terms and conditions shall be considered as your consent to use the App, the Website, the services and products (collectively referred to herein as “Services”) provided by AOL in accordance with the terms and conditions laid down by AOL. These Terms and Conditions are published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the Rules and Regulations, Privacy Policy and user agreement for access or usage of the intermediary's computer resource by any person. Investments and Decisions AOL has during the course of business placed various data/information for the ease of reference of our clients. The Clients / Users are advised to use the data/information available on this web site for the purpose of information only and rely on their own judgment while making any decisions including investment decisions. Any investments discussed or recommended are not intended to offer or solicit an offer to buy and/or sell any securities mentioned therein and/or is not an official confirmation of any transaction. Also, the same may not be suitable for all investors. The data/information contained in this web site may be based on sources believed to be reliable but is not guaranteed by AOL. AOL is a Fintech financial services group, having interests in equity trading, research , MF distribution, portfolio management, commodity broking,  etc . Investment in securities market is a risk and investors are advised to read the product documents , terms and conditions and other documents carefully before investments. Information Sharing and Confidentiality One of the condition for establishing a relationship with AOL is that the person is not debarred by SEBI or other statutory authority for dealing in securities market. In consideration of your use of our Product, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws as applicable in India. You also agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by our Product’s registration form or any information provided by you by other means of communication. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of our Product (or any portion thereof). You undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified AOL for any loss, claim, damage, costs (including legal and professional costs) relating to any abuse or violation including those aforesaid. "Personal Information" is defined as any information you provide to us in the registration process, in the feedback area or through any email feature. We will protect Your Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you are using the Product/Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your Login ID and Password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your Login ID or Password. We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you to protect your password or account. You undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified AOL for any loss, claim, damage, costs (including legal and professional costs) relating to your responsibility or liability or failure including those aforesaid. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content at its sole discretion. Use of Website Information AOL disclaims any obligation to update or correct or provide accuracy in information/content contained in any of the sections under the AOL website located at www.angelone.in (hereafter referred to as the website), whether arising as a result of financial, business or any other developments. The information in any or all of the sections of this website is updated by AOL on a periodic basis and is uploaded as on a particular date, which may not be the current /latest date. Hence this information may not be an accurate representation of the actual filings, press releases, earnings releases, financial, industry news, stock quotes, etc. The Products and Services referred to in this Website are offered only in countries where they may be lawfully offered by AOL or another member of the Group. The materials on these pages are not intended for use by persons located in, or a resident in, countries that restrict the distribution of such materials. These pages should not be regarded as an offer or solicitation to sell investments or make deposits in any country to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an invitation or solicitation in such country. AOL` retains the absolute right to determine eligibility for subscription to any of the Services. The information contained in these pages is not intended to provide professional advice. Persons accessing these pages should obtain appropriate professional advice when necessary. Cookies and Third-Party Advertising This website uses Google Ad Words re-marketing service to advertise on Google and other third party websites, to previous visitors of our site, who have done any activity on our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search result page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the AOL website. Please note that any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to, you can opt-out of other third-party Ad Networks by visiting Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page Governing Law and Jurisdiction These Terms and Conditions shall be construed in accord with the applicable laws of India. The Courts at Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any proceedings arising out of these Terms. In the event of any dispute or difference either in interpretation or otherwise, of any terms of these Terms of Use, the same shall be referred to an independent arbitrator who will be appointed by AOL and such Arbitrator’s decision shall be final and binding on you. The above arbitration shall be in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 as amended from time to time. The arbitration shall be conducted in English language and shall be held in Mumbai. Limitation of Liability You expressly understand and agree that AOL and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if AOL has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from use of the site, content or any related services. If, despite the limitation above, AOL or its Affiliates are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of AOL and/or Its Affiliates will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of the service fees you paid to AOL in connection with such transaction(s) on this Site. The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of AOL,its affiliates, and/or their respective service providers. E-mail/ SMS and Voice Communications: All customers who register on our site agree, acknowledge and accept as per the terms and conditions  that even if they are registered under NDNC, DND (Do Not Disturb), by accepting the terms, you authorize AOL, to call and assist you and/or SMS/E-Mail the customers by virtue of them having voluntarily registered in www.angelone.in (Electronic and sms communications) AOL, will not be responsible for any NDNC (National Do Not Call) Registry regulation that will come into play. Our Trademarks and Copyright The content and information contained within our website or delivered to you in connection with your use of our website is the property of AOL and any other third party (where applicable). The trademark, trade names and logos (the "Trade Marks") that are used and displayed on our website include registered and unregistered Trade Marks of us and other third parties. Nothing on our website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trade Marks displayed on our website. We retain all proprietary rights on our website. Users are prohibited from using the same without written permission of AOL of such or such other parties. The materials on this website are protected by copyright and no part of such materials may be modified, reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, transmitted (in any form or by any means), copied, distributed, used for creating derivative works or used in any other way for commercial or public purposes without the prior written consent of AOL. Links to other sites- The App / Website / Services may contain links, information or pointers to other websites or services for payments, information verification, information processing, transaction processing or other required / appropriate services but you should not infer or assume that AOL operates, controls, manages or is otherwise connected with these other websites unless specifically mentioned. When you click on a link within the App / Website, AOL may or may not warn you that you have left the App / Website and are subject to the terms and conditions, disclaimers (including privacy policies) of another website or its partners & service providers. Please be careful to read the terms of use and privacy policy of any other website before you provide any confidential information or engage in any transactions. You should not rely on the terms of AOL to govern your use of another website. AOL is not responsible for the content or practices of any other website even if it links to the site and even if the website is operated by a company affiliated or otherwise connected with AOL. You acknowledge and agree that AOL is not responsible or liable to you for any content or other materials hosted and served from any website other than the App / Website. Use of the Platform Subject to compliance with the Terms of Use, the Company hereby grants You a non-exclusive, limited privilege to access and use this Platform. You agree to use the Platform only: (a) for purposes that are permitted by the Terms of Use; and (b) in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines. You agree that You shall not copy, reproduce, sell, redistribute, publish, enter into a database, display, perform, modify, alter, transmit, license, create derivatives from, transfer or in any way exploit any part of any information, content, materials, services available from or through the Platform, except that You may download the Platform for Your own personal, internal use and non-commercial use. You agree that You will not use the Platform in any manner or engage in any activity that may damage, disable or impair or adversely affect the use of the Platform or interfere with any other users’ use, legal rights, or enjoyment of the Platform. Further, You agree not to remove any text, copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the content downloaded from the Platform. Further, you undertake not to: defame, abuse, harass, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; copy, republish, post, display, translate, transmit, reproduce or distribute any content on the Platform through any medium without obtaining the necessary authorization from the Company;conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; upload or distribute files that contain software or other material protected by applicable intellectual property laws unless You own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Platform or another’s computer; engage in any activity that interferes with or disrupts access to the Platform (or the servers and networks which are connected to the Platform); attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the Platform, any other systems or networks connected to the Platform, to any of the Company’s server, or through the Platform, by hacking, password mining or any other illegitimate means; probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Platform or any network connected to the Platform, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Platform or any network connected to the Platform. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other User, of or visitor to, the Platform, to its source, or exploit the Platform or information made available or offered by or through the Platform, in any way whether or not the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification information, other than Your own information, as provided on the Platform; disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Platform, systems resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Platform or any affiliated or linked sites; collect or store data about other Users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities;use any device or software to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Platform or any transaction being conducted on the Platform, or with any other person’s use of the Platform; use the Platform or any material or content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of the Company or other third parties; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded;violate any applicable laws or regulations for the time being in force within or outside India or anyone’s right to privacy or personality; violate the Terms of Use contained herein or elsewhere; and reverse engineer, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or software obtained from the Platform. Shall not use Company’s and/or its affiliates, group and subsidiary companies registration details, and/or any certificates and/or any general details thereby inducing public at large to conduct business, trading activities with You. Additionally, You shall ensure that You shall not undertake any selling/advisory activities, or carry out any transactions and/or mis-sell the products/services offered by the User in the secondary market under the name and title of the Company, its associates, affiliates group and subsidiary companies. Trading Orders The trading activities in the client account will be carried out strictly as per the Rules, Regulation and Bye laws of Exchange and SEBI. All trade orders for purchase, sale or other dealings in securities and other instructions routed through the AOL Online Trading System via the Client’s Username shall be deemed to have been given by the Client. Similarly, all trade orders through offline mode are executed only on the instruction of client. The client agrees to provide information relating to customer user identification number, and such other information as may be required while placing orders on the telephone to determine the identity of the client. The client agrees that password for online trading will not be shared with any representative of AOL or Authorised Person and if the same is done client will be liable for all the acts done outside the purview of AOL The orders and instructions and all contracts and transactions entered into pursuant thereto and the settlement thereof will be in accordance with the Exchange Provisions. AOL may change the trading limits of client from time to time during the day in the online trading System (including exposure limits, turnover limits, limits as to the number, value and/or kind of securities in respect of which orders can be placed, the companies in respect of whose securities orders can be placed, etc.). The Client is aware and agrees that AOL may need to vary or reduce the limits or impose new limits urgently on the basis of the AOL’s risk perception and other factors considered relevant by AOL, and AOL may be unable to inform the Client of such variation, reduction or imposition in advance. The Client agrees that AOL shall not be responsible for such variation, reduction or imposition or the Client’s inability to route any order through AOL Online Trading System on account of any such variation, reduction or imposition of limits. The Client understands and agrees that AOL may at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, prohibit or restrict the Client’s ability to place orders or trade in securities through AOL. AOL will strive to execute the orders on best efforts basis. Though orders will generally be routed to the Exchange’s computer systems within a few seconds from the time the order is placed by the Client on AOL’s Online Trading System, AOL shall not be liable for any delay in the execution of any order or for any resultant loss on account of the delay. The client agrees AOL may impose scrip wise surveillance or such other conditions as to scrip wise limits, etc. The client also understands that AOL may impose various surveillance which may differ from client to client on the basis of the AOL’s risk perception and other factors considered relevant by AOL. In case of a market order, the Client agrees that he will receive the price at which his order is executed by the exchange’s computer system; and such price may be different from the price at which the security is trading when his order is entered into AOL’s Online Trading System. Account opening AOL provides an Online Account opening to the investor using AADHAAR. The AADHAAR based account opening is currently available only for residents of India opening accounts for an individual (HUFs, corporate bodies, NRIs, etc., not eligible). While opening an account online using AADHAAR, data will be fetched from the KYC database and cannot be edited. The collection of required documents related to the account opening procedure is subject to availability of our representatives, given at any particular time and location. Trading, settlement and accounts The client agrees that all orders placed through the AOL website shall be forwarded by the system to the Exchange. All orders placed otherwise than through the website shall be forwarded by the system to Exchange terminals or any other order execution mechanism at the discretion of AOL. In the event that the order is placed during the trading hours, it shall be routed to and executed on the market system. Online confirmation will be sent to the client by electronic mail or SMS after the execution of the order, trade and this shall be deemed to be valid delivery thereof by AOL. It shall be the responsibility of the client to review immediately upon receipt, whether delivered to him by electronic mail or any other electronic means all confirmations of order, transactions, or cancellations. It shall be the responsibility of the client to follow up with AOL for all such confirmations that are not received by him within a stipulated time. The client shall notify to AOL for any errors in any report, confirmation or contract note of executed trades (including execution prices, scripts or quantities) to AOL’s notice in writing by an electronic mail or fax within 24 hours of receipt of the concerned report, confirmation or contract note. Any other discrepancy in the confirmation or account shall be notified by the client to AOL in writing via electronic mail or fax within 24 hours from the time of receipt of the first notice. In all cases, AOL shall have a right to accept or reject the client’s objection. The transmission of reports is dependent upon the availability of seamless system.There may be a delay in AOL receiving the reports of transaction, status, from the respective exchanges or other persons in respect of or in connection with which AOL has entered into contracts or transactions on behalf of the clients. Accordingly AOL may forward to the client late reports in respect of such transactions that were previously unreported to him as been expired, cancelled or executed. The client shall not hold AOL responsible for any losses suffered by the client on account of any late reports, statements or any errors in the report / statements computed by or received from any exchange. The client agrees that if, for any circumstance or for any reason, the markets close before the acceptance of the Order by the Exchange, the order may be rejected. The client agrees further, that AOL may reject Orders if the same are rejected by the Exchange for any reason. In case of rejection of an order due to rejection by the Exchange, the client agrees that the order shall remain declined and shall not be re-processed, in any event. AOL may, at its sole discretion, reject any order placed on the website or in any other manner due to any reason, including but not limited to the non-availability of funds in the trading account of the client, non-availability of securities in the Demat account of the client with a designated depository participant, insufficiency of margin amount if the client opts for margin trading, suspension of scrip- specific trading activities by or on an Exchange and the applicability of circuit breaker to a scrip in which orders are placed. The client agrees that, if the order is not accepted on the website for any reason, AOL shall have the right to treat the order as having lapsed. The client is aware that the electronic trading systems either at the Exchange or in the office of AOL offices are vulnerable to temporary disruptions, breakdowns or failures. In the event of non- execution of trade orders or trade cancellation due to the happening of such events or vulnerabilities due to failure / disruption / breakdown of system or link, AOL shall be entitled to cancel relative request/(s) with the Client and shall not be liable to execute the desired transactions of the client’s. In such event, AOL does not accept responsibility for any losses incurred / that may be incurred by the Client due to such eventualities which are beyond the control of AOL. AOL may at its sole discretion permit execution of orders in respect of securities, irrespective of the amount in the balance of the account of the client. The client agrees to abide with and be bound by all the rules, regulations and bye-laws of the Exchange as are in force pertaining to the transactions on his behalf carried out by AOL and the orders placed by him on the website or any other manner. AOL shall not be responsible for any order, that is made by the Client by mistake and every order that is entered by the Client through the use of the allotted user name and the security code(s) shall be deemed to be a valid order for which the Client shall be fully responsible. Cancellation or modification of an order pursuant to the client’s request in that behalf is not guaranteed. The order will be cancelled or modified only if the client’s request for cancellation and modification is received and the order is successfully cancelled or modified before it is executed. Market orders are subject to immediate execution wherever possible. The client shall not be entitled to presume an order having been executed, cancelled or modified until a confirmation from AOL is received by the client. However, due to technical other factors the confirmation may not be immediately transmitted to or received by the client and such a delay shall not entitle the client to presume that the order has not been executed cancelled or modified unless and until AOL has so confirmed in writing. The pending orders shall be governed as per the exchange systems, after the market is closed for the day. AOL shall issue contract notes in terms of the SEBI (Brokers and Sub-Brokers) Rules and Regulations, 1992, within 24 hours of the execution of the trade. Such a contract note, if issued in physical form shall be dispatched by AOL by courier, at the address mentioned in this agreement or at any other address expressly informed to AOL by the client. The client agrees that AOL to issue the contract note in digital form which shall be sent by way of electronic mail to the address provided by the client. AOL shall not be responsible for the non-receipt of the trade confirmation due to any change in the correspondence address of the Client not intimated to AOL in writing. Client is aware that it is his responsibility to review the trade confirmations, the contract notes, the bills or statements of account immediately upon their receipt. All such confirmations and statements shall be deemed to have been accepted as correct if the client does not object in writing to any of the contents of such trade confirmation/intimation within 24 hours to AOL. AOL may allow/disallow client from trading in any security or class of securities, or derivatives contracts and impose such conditions including scrip-wise conditional trading for trading as it may deem fit from time to time. Margin The Client agrees and undertakes to immediately deposit with AOL such cash, securities or other acceptable security, which AOL may require as margin. The Client agrees that AOL shall be entitled to require the Client to deposit with AOL a higher margin than that prescribed by the Exchange. AOL shall also be entitled to require the Client to keep permanently with AOL a margin of a value specified by AOL so long as the Client desires to avail of the Trading Service of AOL. The Margin will not be interest bearing. AOL shall have, at its sole discretion, the irrevocable right to set off a part or whole of the Margin i.e., by the way of appropriating of the relevant amount of cash or by sale or transfer of all or some of the Securities which form part of the Margin, against any dues of the Client  in the event of the failure of the Client o to meet any of their respective obligations under these Terms. The client agrees and authorises AOL to determine the market value of securities placed as margin after applying a haircut that AOL may deem appropriate. The client undertakes to monitor the market value of such securities on a continuous basis. The client further undertakes to replenish any shortfall in the value of the margin consequent to a fall in the market value of such securities placed as margin immediately whether or not AOL intimates such shortfall. AOL may at its sole discretion prescribe the payment of Margin in the form of cash instead of or in addition to margin in form of securities. The Client accepts to comply with the requirement of AOL with regards to payment of Margin in the form of cash immediately. Without prejudice to the stock broker's other rights (including the right to refer a matter to arbitration), the stock broker shall be entitled to liquidate / close out all or any of the client's positions for non- payment of margins or other amount, outstanding debts, etc., and adjust the proceeds of such liquidation / close out, if any, against the client's liabilities / obligations. Any and all losses and financial charges on account of such liquidation / closing-out shall be charged to and borne by the client. The client agrees to abide by the exposure limits, if any, set by the stock AOL or by the Exchange or Clearing Corporation or SEBI from time to time. The client is also aware that AOL is required to deposit sufficient margin with the Exchange to enable all its eligible clients to trade subject to such limits as may be imposed by AOL on the basis of AOLs' Risk perception and other factors considered relevant by AOL. However, there may be circumstances when the deposits made by AOL with the Exchange may not be sufficient in times of extreme volatility and trading terminals of AOL may get temporarily suspended because of the cumulative effect of non-meeting of obligation by various clients as per this agreement. In these circumstances, no client shall have the right to claim any damages from AOL for any loss that they might incur on account of such suspension of trading. The Client agrees that any securities/cash placed by him/her/it as margin may in turn be placed as margin by AOL with the Exchanges or banks or such other institution as AOL may deem fit. The Client authorises AOL to do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary and expedient for placing such securities/cash with the Exchanges as margin. Any reference in these terms to sales or transfer of Securities by AOL shall be deemed to include sale of the Securities which form part of the Margin maintained by the Client with AOL. In exercise of AOL's right to sell securities under the Agreement, the Client agrees that the choice of specific securities to be sold shall be solely at the discretion of AOL. Authorised Person (AP) / Direct Referral Agent (DRA) - Terms & Conditions: AP/DRA hereby agree and declare the below points with respect to accepting any payment/incentives/ referral fees from AOL for broking business: Have read and understood all the terms, conditions, clauses of the NSE and BSE, with respect to the rules, regulations, bylaws of the Exchanges with respect to, “incentives/referral schemes”. Not forbidden to do any business under the Rules, Bye-Laws and Regulations of National Stock Exchange (NSE), Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), or any Recognized Stock Exchange as defined by SEBI. Shall cooperate with AOL for undertaking necessary due diligence under this scheme. Accepting the fees only as a referral and shall not undertake any form of selling/advisory activities w.r.t securities and shall not manage the portfolio of person who is being referred as client to AOL. Since being eligible to receive any incentives from AOL,  I/We are not an employee/ relative of an employee/associate/associate person of AOL. Disbursement of referral incentive, shall be subject to client account been opened and /or on completion of first trade on AOL platform. Acknowledge that details of clients referred by me/us, no information like the contract notes, daily margin statement, statement of accounts, annual global transaction statements etc. will be sent to me/us from AOL. Shall neither subject the referred client to any kind of trade inducement nor shall place an order on behalf of the referred clients. Shall not have any kind of financial transaction with the referred client(s) under this referral scheme Indemnify AOL and its Directors/agents/employees/officers for any damages/claims that may arise from me/us deviating from the Rules/Bye-Laws of the Exchanges, this policy and/or any terms and conditions laid down by AOL from time to time. Understand this policy, along with referrals towards AOL may be changed from time to time by AOL, at the sole discretion of AOL or by any regulatory. Therefore, at all times, shall abide by the change in such policies by AOL. Understand that AOL’s management reserves all rights to withhold any such incentives, at its sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever. Any dispute/grievance under this scheme cannot be covered under investor protection or grievance redressal measures of the Exchange any such dispute should not be made public by I/Us at any cost. Hereby declare that the above information are true and correct, and if any information is found to be false and incorrect, AOL will have the right to recover the entire amount received by me/us. AOL will not be liable to pay brokerage revenue sharing for affiliates if order initiation by the referral is from any third party front end platforms . Margin Trading Facility: AOL is permitted to extend MTF to the clients on such terms and conditions as specified by the Stock Exchanges / SEBI from time to time and as mutually agreed by and between AOL and the Clients. The Rights and Obligation comprises the terms and conditions applicable to MTF and AOL and clients shall abide by the same and any other requirements of the margin trading framework, including other rights and obligations, if any, prescribed by the Stock Exchange/ SEBI/ AOL. Equity Shares that are classified as 'Group I Security” by SEBI only shall be eligible for MTF. AOL, at its discretion, may not provide funding under MTF to certain equity shares though classified to be “Group I Security” by SEBI. Equity shares shortlisted by AOL for funding (Approved List) shall be as displayed on AOL's trading website from time to time. Clients are required to adhere the Terms and Conditions w.r.t Margin Trading Facility. form time to time. Any modifications to the terms and conditions, other than those prescribed by SEBI/Stock Exchanges, shall be intimated to the Clients giving 15 days notice in advance. Clients are required to read the Terms and Condition documents  before availing the MTF products. Online IPO - Product Features AOL Broking online IPO product allows you to conveniently apply for public issues both fixed price & Book building and eliminates the need for filling out tedious/detailed application An issue is an offer of shares by either through the Fixed Price mechanism or Book Building process. In case the offer of shares is made through the book building process (determined by the number of shares applied for and the price thereof), the allotment price is determined by the Book Running Lead manager(s) /SEBI based on the bids submitted. You are requested to read the issuer's offer document/ prospectus carefully before submitting an application/bid. The product is offered only to Individuals, NRI (NRE/NRO) and HUF who have executed & signed the Power of Attorney and Client Member Agreement with AOL Broking Private Limited (the company). Bids received by us will be routed only through the National Stock Exchange (NSE) / Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). In case the offer of shares is made through the book building process (determined by the number of shares applied for and the price thereof), the allotment price is determined by the Book Running Lead manager(s) /SEBI based on the bids submitted. In case of fixed price issues, the application would be sent to the Registrar to the Issue and Bankers Issue. You can apply through the ASBA option. ASBA (Application Supported by Blocked Amounts) option is a process developed by the Securities and Exchange Board Of India (SEBI) for applying to IPO. In ASBA; an IPO applicant's account doesn't get debited until shares are allotted to him. Application/bid will be sent to the concerned Registrars to the Issue of Issuer companies in the name(s) and sequential order as appearing in the Demat account of the applicant (s) (While making an application/bid, you can choose the Demat a/c where you would like the allotment of shares if any, to happen post closure of the relevant IPO). The communication/correspondence address on the application/bid will be the same as available in the investors/applicant(s)/bidder(s) demat account. Mutual Funds Distribution Platform Access: Angel One provides a platform for Clients to invest in mutual funds. institutional clients may be referred to the platform by Authorized Representatives (ARs), while retail clients access the platform directly. Institutional clients can invest in mutual funds in demat or non-demat form, while retail clients can only invest in demat-based mutual funds. Mutual Fund Investments: Angel One offers both regular and direct mutual funds. Institutional clients may choose between demat and non-demat (physical) mutual fund units, while retail clients are limited to demat-based mutual fund investments. Payment Processing: Payments for mutual fund investments are made directly to Asset Management Companies (AMCs) and processed through third-party payment gateways. Angel One is not liable for delays, errors, or any issues related to payment processing. Fees & Charges: Angel One does not charge a transaction fee for mutual fund investments, but regular mutual funds may include distributor fees or commissions. Clients are responsible for reviewing all applicable fees before making investments. Direct mutual fund investments are commission-free. Investment Risks: All investments in mutual funds carry inherent risks, including the possibility of loss. Clients are responsible for reviewing scheme-related documents and understanding the risks associated with their investments. Angel One does not provide investment advice or guarantee fund performance. All other terms and conditions that are not expressly detailed in this document shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference from the Mutual Terms and Conditions available here. Smart API AOL provides API services to its clients as per the guidelines of SEBI and Exchanges. Smart API” is a suite of API, developer services, and associated software offerings collectively referred to as "APIs". The APIs provide programmatic access (including, but not limited to: placing, modifying and cancelling orders; managing funds and portfolios; accessing order and account related information etc.) to various exchanges via AOL using a Client account. The use of API is guided by the terms described in the Smart API terms & conditions, and any additional terms within the accompanying API documentation, and any applicable policies and guidelines as concerning the use of the APIs. Investor Redressal Mechanism The Grievances of clients will be dealt as per the Rules, Regulations and Circulars of SEBI , Exchanges and Depositories issued on time to time basis. The redressal of investor complaints and Investor Satisfaction is of utmost importance for us and for which necessary mechanism and systems are in place in compliance with the Regulatory requirements and internal code of conduct. All the investor grievances are monitored and redressed by a dedicated team of Investor Grievance and the status of complaints are reviewed by senior management and  Compliance Officer of the Company who reports directly to the Board of Directors and this essentially takes care of the necessary escalation in case of any long pending and serious compliant, otherwise the same are taken care of by the Compliance Officer with the support of the Compliance team. The clients can email their grievances on the email id support@angelone.in which is displayed on our website and the same also mentioned on the contract notes and other correspondence if any sent to the client from time to time. All the mails received are duly monitored and redressed by the Investor Grievance team and Compliance Officer. The register of grievances is centrally maintained for better control and monitoring, Thus the grievances received in writing, mail, verbally, etc. are centrally monitored and redressed and recorded with all the necessary steps taken for redressal of the same. Proper analysis is undertaken to analyse the nature of complaints received, pattern of complaints and concentration if any at a particular location, so that every effort is taken to remove the root cause of grievance by the client. Periodic visits and inspections are undertaken for the branches / authorised partners to get the feedback of clients on the issues. Depending on the feedback received necessary corrective steps are introduced into the system. Every attempt is made to redress the grievance/problems of the clients and introduce systematic changes into the processes so that such instances are avoided. Issuance of Notice/Correspondence letters/ Show Cause Notices: All notices, correspondences or communications issued under this agreement shall be served in any one or more of the following modes of communications and such notice or communication shall be served at the ordinary place of residence and/or last known web address / residing address and / or at the ordinary business address of the party to this agreement such as - By hand Delivery by post By registered post Under certificate of posting By email or fax By affixing it on the door at the last known business or residential address. By oral communication to the party or on the last known telephone number or on the recording machine of such number. By advertising in at least one prominent daily newspaper having circulation in the area where the last known business or residential address of the party is situated. By notice posted on the notice board of the Exchange if no address is known. Any communication sent by AOL to the Client shall be deemed to have been properly delivered or served, if such communication is returned on AOL as unclaimed / refused / undelivered, if the same was sent in any one more of the above modes of communication to the ordinary place of residence and / or last known web address /residing address and / or at the ordinary business address of the party to this agreement. Representations and warranties: The Client confirms and hereby warrants that he is capable of entering into / executing the present agreement and that the terms of the present are not in contravention of any rights of any party with whom such client has any agreements, at any time prior to the execution of this agreement. The client agrees to provide and continue to provide all details about themselves as may be required by AOL and states that all details and facts represented to AOL are true. The Client is aware of the nuances of dealing in securities markets  and acknowledges that trading over the internet involves many uncertain factors and complex hardware, software, systems, communication lines, peripherals, etc., which are susceptible to interruptions and dislocations; and the Online Trading Service of AOL may at any time be unavailable without further notice. AOL and the Exchange do not make any representation or warranty that the Online Trading Service of AOL will be available to the Client at all times without any interruption. The Client agrees that he shall not have any claim against the Exchange or AOL on account of any suspension, interruption, non-availability or malfunctioning of the Online Trading System or Service of AOL or the Exchange's service or systems for any reason whatsoever. AOL states that it has complied with and will continuously comply and if not proposes to comply with all statutory and regulatory directions to offer the Internet Trading services through the website www.angelone.in and for dealing in cash and derivatives segment of the exchange. The Client warrants that all or any of the securities deposited by him with AOL in respect of margin requirements or otherwise, are owned by him and the title thereof is clear and free of encumbrances. The Client/s agree to indemnify and hold AOL harmless against any loss that may be suffered by it, its customers or a third party or any claim or action that may be initiated by a third party which is in any way the result of improper use of user ID and password by the Client/s. The Client hereby confirms and warrants that the Client authorises AOL to take all such steps on the Client’s behalf as may be required for provisions or to complete or settle any transactions entered into through or with AOL or executed by AOL on behalf of the Client. However, nothing herein shall oblige AOL to take such steps. Force Majeure If the whole or any part of the performance of the respective obligations of the parties hereunder is prevented or delayed by reasons of natural calamities, war, arson, civil disturbance, , unavailability of any communication system including Internet, breach or virus in the processes or payment mechanism, sabotage, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage devices, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption codes and such other reasons beyond the reasonable control of a person (each a “Force Majeure Event”), then to the extent either party shall be prevented or delayed from performing all or any part of their respective obligations under this Agreement despite due diligence and reasonable efforts to do so, then such party shall be excused from performance hereunder for so long as reasons of Force Majeure Event continue. A Force Majeure Event shall not affect the payment obligations of the parties unless there is legal bar / embargo to the making of the payments. Assignments AOL products the products and services for the use of clients.The right to use the App / Website / Service is personal to you and is not transferable by assignment, sub-license, or any other method to any other person or entity. Any assignment of right to us will be liable for termination of products and services and actions are the existing rules and regulations. Disclaimers: Research Disclaimer AOL offer research services to its clients as well as to prospective clients.AOL is a Research Analyst and have SEBI Registration numberINH000000164. The research recommendations that provided by AOL are general recommendations to be used  for information and must not be reproduced or redistributed to any other person. Persons into whose possession this may come are required to observe these restrictions. This is for the personal information of the recipient, and we are not soliciting any action based upon it. This is not to be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. It is for the general information of clients of AOL. It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. Neither AOL, nor any person connected with it, accepts any liability arising from the use of such recommendations. The recipients should rely on their own investigations and take their own professional advice. Price and value of the investments referred may go up or down. Past performance is not a guide for future performance. Certain transactions -including those involving futures, options and other derivatives as well as non-investment grade securities - involve substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Reports based on technical analysis centers on studying charts of a stock's price movement and trading volume, as opposed to focusing on a company's fundamentals and as such, may not match with a report on a company's fundamentals. Opinions expressed are the current opinions as of the date appearing on the relevant material only. AOL endeavor to update on a reasonable basis the information discussed, there may be regulatory, compliance or other reasons that prevent us from doing so. Prospective investors and others are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not predictions and may be subject to change without notice. Our proprietary trading, ifany.\,  and investment businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations expressed herein. Small Case Research Smallcases does not charge any brokerage for your investments. Brokerage & other statutory fees are applicable as per your brokerage plan with AOL. Investing involves risks and investments may lose value. Past performance does not guarantee future returns and performance of smallcases are subject to market risks. All information present on the smallcases platform is to help investors in their decision making process and shall not be considered as a recommendation or solicitation of an investment or investment strategy. Investors are responsible for their investment decisions and are responsible to validate all the information used to make the investment decision. Investor should understand that his/her investment decision is based on personal investment needs and risk tolerance, and performance information available on the smallcases platform is one among many other things that should be considered while making an investment decision. Past performance does not guarantee future returns and performance of smallcases are subject to market risk. smallcases are created by SEBI Registered entities. Disclaimer for Liability and Warranty The Content, Products, and Services Published on this site may include inaccuracies or errors, Including Pricing errors. We do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and description of the content, products, and services we expressly reserve the right to correct any pricing errors on the site and/or on pending reservations made under an incorrect price. AOL makes no representation about the suitability of the information, Software, products, and services contained on this site for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this site does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services. All such information, software, products, and services are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. AOL disclaims all warranties and conditions that this site, its services or any email sent from AOL, its affiliates, and/or their respective or associated service providers are free of viruses or other harmful components. AOL hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and no infringement. AOL and its affiliates have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expense omissions delays or acts of any government or authority. In no event shall AOL and/or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this site or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this site (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this site; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this site; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this site) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and even if AOL and/or its affiliates their respective service providers have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Disclaimer for Articles or Blog Posts AOL is writing the articles/blogs exclusively for educational purposes only. We do not provide any advice/tips on Investment or recommend buying and selling any stock via this blog. AOL does not endorse investment and trade in cryptocurrencies. This article is only for education and information purposes. Discuss with your investment advisor before making any risky calls. Investments in the securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. Disclaimer for Android and IOS Applications These are not exchange approved products and any dispute related to this will not be dealt on exchange platform. The smallcase facilities are offered by the SEBI registered entities. AOL  is just acting as distributor of all disputes with respect to the distribution activity and would not have access to the exchange investor Redressal Forum or Arbitration mechanism. The role of AOL is restricted to referrers only. Smart Money is exclusively for educational purposes only. Brokerage will not exceed SEBI prescribed limit. The account would be open after all procedures relating to IPV and client due diligence are completed. Disclaimer for IPOs AOL Ltd. is just acting as the distributor of the IPO. Opening of an account will not guarantee the allotment of shares in an IPO. Investors are requested to do their due diligence before investing in any IPO. Past or present performances are not indicative of future results. Investments in the securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. Disclaimer related to Brokerage Schemes: “Brokerage will not exceed the SEBI prescribed limit.” Disclaimer applicable if security name displayed in Advt. draft as an example: “The securities quoted are exemplary and are not recommendatory.” Standard Disclaimers: We collect, retain, and use your contact information for legitimate business purposes only, to contact you, and to provide you information & the latest updates regarding our products & services. We do not sell or rent your contact information to third parties. Please note that by submitting the above-mentioned details, you are authorising us to Call/SMS you even though you may be registered under DND. We shall Call/SMS you for a period of 12 months. Investments in the securities market are subject to market risks, read all the related documents carefully before investing. Please DO NOT share your Trading User Name, Password or OTP with anyone. Investment in securities market are subject to market risk, read all the related documents carefully before investing.
================================================================================


--- Document 5 ---
URL: https://www.angelone.in/privacy-policy
Home Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy outlines how the Company collects, receives, stores, processes, discloses, transfers, manages, or otherwise deals with personal data and other information. It's important to note that this Privacy Policy doesn't cover information you provide to, or collected by, any third-party (excluding our group companies, affiliates, and subsidiaries) through the Platform, or any Third-Party Sites you use in connection with the services offered on the Platform. Privacy Policy - General Privacy Policy for Digital Lending
================================================================================

